Oh
[Music]
Hale Oh how'd it go
um not so good he walked me to the
subway and said should do this again Oh
what I said we should do it again that's
good right no loosely translated we
should do this again means you will
never see me naked since when since
always it's like dating language you
know like it's not you means it is you
or you're such a nice guy means I'm
going to be dating leather-wearing
alcoholics and complaining about them to
you or you know I think we should see
other people means that I already am and
everybody knows it oh yeah cushions the
blow it's like when you're a kid and
your parents put your dog to sleep and
they tell you when off to live on some
farm that's funny but no because our
parents actually did send our dog up to
live in a farm what hello the Milner's
farm in Connecticut the Milner's they
had this unbelievable farm that they
horses and then rabbits that he could
chase and it we oh my god
[Music]
this way the job must be alright
thank you
like a
[Music]
come
Oh
[Music]
so how does it feel knowing you're about
to God would in five minutes my pain
wheel but you'll have to live with the
knowledge that you sent an honest man to
die hey that was really good yeah okay
keep going okay so what do you want from
me Damone huh I just want to go back to
my cell cuz in my cell I can smoke smoke
away I think this is probably why Damone
smokes in his cell alone huh relax your
hand
let your risk up not so much oh hey all
right now try taking a punt right okay
no give it to me no no no I'm not giving
you a cigarette it's fine if I look do
you want to get this part or not yeah
all right now don't think of it as a
cigarette think of it as the thing that
has been missing from your hand when
you're holding it you feel right you
feel complete you miss it wow that's so
much alright now we smoke oh my god